Update STaaS_cost_estimation.md (#4362)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/Databases/STaaS/STaaS_cost_estimation.md

To request a cost estimation, follow the procedure below:

> 1. Follow the [setup procedure](xref:Setting_up_StaaS) to register your system to use STaaS and stop after step 5.

Reviewer: As the numbering of procedures can easily change, it's safer not to refer to the numbers of the steps.
```suggestion
1. Follow the [STaaS setup procedure](xref:Setting_up_StaaS), but only up to the point where your system is registered to use STaaS.
```
